the Wolves may have remained hidden up
until now but the team's remote cameras
could well capture images of the pack as
they passed through the valley in search
of food
[Music]
there are plenty of diva
they're a snowshoe hares the huge feet
perfectly adapted to hop across the deep
snow
booms cows teen with each other totally
unaware of the camera just a meter away
following the prey come the Predators
the elusive Bobcat
the Cougar North America's biggest cat
they've benefited from the wolf's long
absence
these valleys are alive with wildlife
but there is no sign of the lookout back
the next day jasmine is called out at
dawn local biologist Scott fit Kim has
heard wolves howling in the valley
Oh
I think I hear them
it's unbelievable I've got hair on the
back of my neck is standing up I don't
think I've ever been as close to wolves
he's a phantom what's he doing I have no
idea
I shouldn't say he he or she is up there
on that hillside somewhere and we can't
see him I would love it if one of them
is a breeding female like I would be so
happy
oh my gosh oh my gosh look at that but
there's a wolf
two wolves oh my gosh I can't believe my
eyes
we just spotted two wolves up on the
ridge it's so exciting
and they're just so calm thought of the
Lords of their domain
Wow that is amazing oh my god
[Music]
[Applause]